Finalize MySQL installation and configuration. (#575)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/ubuntu.md

- Git
- Python 3
- Pip
- Redis server and client

```no-highlight
$ sudo apt update -y
$ sudo apt install -y git python3 python3-pip python3-venv python3-dev redis-server
```

## Database Setup

> In this step you'll setup your database server, create a database and database user for use by Nautobot, and verify your connection to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step you'll set up your database server, create a database and database user for use by Nautobot, and verify your connection to the database.
```
